Add option for draft (#207)
epfl-lara/lisa: refman/quickguide.tex

  thenHave(A, f(t) === t |- P(s) /\ s===t) 
      .by Substitution.ApplyRules(subst, f(t) === t)
\end{lstlisting}

\subsection*{File Options}
Some options can be set at the start of a file, which will affect the behaviour of Lisa. These options are intended for use at a development stage.

\vspace{2em}
\begin{tabularx}{0.9\columnwidth}{|l|X|}

>   \lstinline|draft()| & Theorems outside of the curent file are assumed and not checked for correctness. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \lstinline|draft()| & Theorems outside of the current file are assumed to be true and not checked for correctness. This can speed up repetitive runs during proof drafts.
```

Typo and a small addition.
